[Music]
hi hello
happy 1st of december
i hope you are having the loveliest
start to a new month
in this video it's going to be a weekend
kind of vlog
posting up all my christmas decorations
and also
the start of a vlogmas series
so i'm going to be aiming to be
uploading around three to four videos
per week um if you'd like to see
more do let me know and i'll see what i
can do yeah we will just
hop straight on in to the video this is
from last year the christmas mug
is out i was actually worried it was
going to make it like technically a
whole year having
just been in the cupboards
this is my first hot chocolate of the
year i'm in heaven right now
for our advent calendars this year we've
got these whitworths ones
and they're like raisin packets with
little chocolate things in
wow thank you so there's not one part of
me
that wants to go on a run right now but
um we're just gonna do like a five or
six
career in the rain i only wore my hair
last night as well
right i'm just in the middle of getting
ready so mason i went on um
a 6k run we were debating between either
a 5k or 6k and i just thought
let's just do 6k it's about like half an
hour 25 minutes but i think it's so much
nicer
running with with company when it comes
to actual gym workouts i much prefer
training on my own um as i can just get
in the zone but
any sort of cardio and i think it's nice
to do it with someone else
so i'm just doing makeup i don't quite
know why i'm doing lips
lips first well i've got
a foundation on so on black friday i
hope you've all got some really good
deals and stuff i don't feel like those
like masses of discounts
on certain things i ordered some um
what do i call it just some like makeup
stuff that i use
all the time like some mascara i can't
believe how
dark it is out at the moment in the uk
but i'm really here for like it's
definitely got cold this week and i'm
just feeling
way more christmassy than i was like a
few days ago
like this time last year my christmas
decorations were well and truly up
and also it's something else really
exciting so the gyms
in the uk reopen on wednesday
the 2nd of december you know i've got it
done but i definitely don't enjoy them
half as much as
what i do gym workouts i'm just gonna do
my mascara
i'm not gonna do this whilst i'm filming
because i pull the craziest faces
i use the benefit roller lash and it is
absolutely amazing another of these in
the black friday sales
i really rate this like it's not clumpy
as well a few
moments later right i'm ready to go
my lashes are done i got lvl like
three yeah three months ago and
absolutely swear by that like it really
helps keep your lashes
just in a good position uh you know
sometimes how your lashes just like
go here there and everywhere so the plan
is now to get to the shops we're gonna
go
get the last bit of christmas
decorations like i did get loads of
stuff last year like i don't really need
any more baubles let's be honest i had
way too many on the tree last year it
was very overdone
but i don't mind a bit of that and i
just need to get like some form of like
a reef or something
i'm so so glad i went on that run like
oh so tempted not to go and just because
of the weather really
it's so much harder isn't it at the
moment when it is just raining and dark
and stuff
but feel a million times better and
tomorrow
is a rest day i desperately need to do
some stretches
i need to find a way to hold myself
accountable to stretching more because i
really notice it
and i feel like quite tight like like i
said i had um
a massage either week on like my
shoulders and stuff i'm not a flexible
hunt at the moment
hello so we've just been into the range
and
being there we went into b m first
because there was the biggest
queue like probably a half an hour long
queue outside the rain most
shots were so busy so we're just going
to pop in
to audi now and get some food i don't
know whether it feels extra busy because
i've barely
been out the house in the past few weeks
okay andy andy
aldi just moved like across the road but
yeah that's what i was saying so
we went in to get some like christmas
bits but everything
was completely pretty much sold like
there weren't many
baubles i did manage to pick up like a
little
christmas elf outfit for penelope
just got back from the shops that
honestly felt like a full blown
day out so we've just done like a broad
range of shopping
i quite like those like times you know
you can just go down
literally every single aisle and then
you keep seeing stuff that you've been
meaning to get for months i have been
without
screen wash in my car for the longest
time probably a bit dangerous because
the amount of times i'm on the motorway
or whatever and um i say
i say the motorway i've been on the
motorway very limited amount of times
but like the last time i was on the
motorway
could barely see out the windscreen
which is never ideal so this
is the full thing like
having me meaning to get a lot of these
things for a good while
starting with the christmas thing
elephant training
suit in a size large and it's even got a
little feet holes
so penelope you're gonna be an elf a
garlic and herb
chicken crown i just have a roast every
night at the moment got a large pack of
by the way this is audi
large pack of chicken breast fillets
i've got some stuff just for the week in
general
some chewing gum and some mushroom
slices
i've got some organic porridge i do
really like these ones from aldi i've
got a vegetable
soup mix i'm gonna try and make uh maybe
for lunch one day this week
some carrot batons some sunflower seeds
these were actually really reasonably
pricey now do like
they're actually quite pricey i think in
a lot of other supermarkets
three bags of frozen blueberries i've
been going through these so much because
i've literally been having
like porridge in the morning and then
sometimes after my dinner as like a
dessert
picked up some coffee pods i haven't
tried these ethiopian ones
and then i've got my normal ristretto
one less than two pounds for
10 pods so i've got three packs
of those got some coconut and chili
lemongrass rice i
absolutely adore coconut rice and then
i've got some
medium hass two avocados i try not to
get as many of these
i don't feel like i have that much
avocado i've got some diced chicken
breasts and some turkey breast
steaks mason i really like this turkey
breast steak so i don't mind them but
and then four beef quarter pounders i
just have those like little burgers and
stuff i haven't actually had those
in ages i haven't really had much like
red meat recently so i got some cider
vinegar i actually smashed the bottle as
i was packaging all my stuff i was so
embarrassed
got some more satsumas i do really like
these just throughout the day like i am
such a snacker and just
big eater in general so these hit the
spot hit the spot sounds so weird
six wholemeal pita breads you know i'm
still
absolutely loving these and also some
wholemeal rye bread i haven't had this
in a good while it's so nice with
avocado and eggs i go for phases like
sometimes i'm loving the pita bread
but i think i'm going to go through a
railroad phase three packs of lint roll
and mason grocery so much like he
absolutely hates any bit of like
penelope hair then but obviously like
these have been around for so long
haven't they like these colemans we
discovered
the casserole one and ever since we
really liked them
so yeah just got a few of these we've
got the beef bourgeois
the chili con carne and then sauteed
brussels sprouts and glazes root
vegetables go through these quite a lot
i just popped these in my water
vitamin c and then i also got the energy
release one and then a cherry scream
wash
and a normal blue screen wash not much
difference but i just
i feel like you can smell your screen
wash when you you know you do spray it
some baileys so i forever just
love the original one to be honest this
is like my all-time favorite thing
and something that brings back a lot of
memory i feel like i've got to just
explain
bailey's face to face so when i did a
season
in spain i just turned 19 it was
actually my birthday whilst i was out
there i think this is quite common
knowledge but you know
in clubs and stuff they generally feel
like belvedere bottles and
expensive vodka bottles with like oh
just the cheapest
crappy vodka you could imagine i was
drinking so much back then like
most nights kind of thing and i think i
had burnt my esophagus basically like
from
the vodka and um obviously i didn't
drink for a while but i was just getting
like the worst like
just yeah it wasn't great so the only
thing i could like
drink or like soothe my throat was
bailey's i just shouldn't have drank at
all but it was obviously because it's
like quite milky and soothing
so yeah that is like my every time i
have baileys that it does remind me
of that that time in my life so how
things have changed since then
but anyway so got the original one i
prefer the original one like i have
tried the salty caramel one but i just
don't think it's anywhere near as good
i've never seen this one before and i do
love red velvet cakes so
i will let you know how that goes onto
this little bacon
my baking cupboard is getting a bit
ridiculous and i actually haven't
planned out
what i'm gonna bake but i just thought i
want to make some form of smith cake so
i've got some decorations
this will probably sit in my car for
like the next year you watched
like let's hope i actually use these uh
and then i just got some cane in
canaan flipping egg cane icing sugar
some milk chocolate chips like i say
just to stop my baking cook and also
some squirty topping i don't know if
we're gonna be hosting christmas this
year i don't know what's going on yet
two tubs not one two tugs of the white
chocolate
and raspberry our skin this is insane so
good 375 calories per tub can you rate
this one to be honest like i don't
really like the chocolate
ones we've been making your puddings far
too regularly so we've actually
got a proper yorkshire pudding tray like
dedicated to them and the one we've been
using
the circles are way too small so that's
gonna really make a difference i think
oh my god the range had these gorgeous
glass
bamboo top uh glass jars i've literally
been after these exact ones
like just to pop like seeds in and over
here
i got this from b m which is just a very
large i'm almost thinking i think it's
too big to be honest
um but it looks like it's going to last
a while i seem to go through
non-stick pans like there's no tomorrow
yeah that is everything
that we've got here
so i'm just putting everything that i've
brought away in the cupboards that
definitely need and organize and also my
coffee pods
and then popping this chicken crown in
the oven it only takes about 80 minutes
and then just refilling my porridge
[Music]
and chopping up some potatoes to also go
in thank you
not quite sure if you can see what you
are just taking
note up there for a quick walk round the
old
block we've got the matching coats on we
got these like long coats last year
in different colors and it lasted so
well got the roast in the oven as well
so hopefully
by the time we get back that'll be
cooked
[Music]
those yorkshire puddings have risen so
much
the initial plan was to put the tree up
but we're so tired i think that one that
we did has just like knocked us both out
and
been out for a few hours so we're gonna
do three tomorrow
i think it's better actually anyway
doing in the like daylight made the
roast
just waiting for that to finish in new
york puddings so impressed with like the
yorkshire pudding trailer if you ever
are struggling to master your yorkshire
pull into you try getting like a deeper
like pan rather than like a muffin tray
and just found a film called
black box it's got loads of really good
reviews on amazon prime
i definitely rate amazon prime more so
for like new in
movies i feel like there's not been that
much on netflix recently just watched a
train and i feel like i'm gonna cry in
this film
wow oh my god they're the best
this is like a muffin they're mad wow
this is a good example actually you can
see the difference just from
the deeper tray versus the wide set
wide set
[Music]
here are the veggies uh swede carrot
sweet potato and then a little bit of
normal white potato
[Music]
this is the best way i think we're doing
that hello
future olivia i usually spend my
mornings
on a sunday not doing very much which
other then
i did some journaling and meditation
so it's the sunday we just came to
ultimate market and
it kind of looks half open but half
trying to find like a wonderland of the
garden center
gonna see if they've got like some reefs
to decorate um
this little space above the fireplace in
the kitchen
[Music]
picked up this huge six foot garland
this was like someone was to put this
back it was the only one with like the
snow
stuff on it i've also got a real wreath
which i thought it smells so nice i got
these like mulled wine
spices that i think i could decorate on
here i also got
this that needs untangling mason already
started putting this tree up yesterday
here are the two christmas boxes so i'm
just getting started
by lighting my fire and then just
organizing my racing how big it is and
where it can actually fit
um and then here is my homemade weave so
this
is like a real one and then i'm just
popping popping putting all my
decorations on it
and voila an hour later this is what
it's looking like so i've just used like
a mixture of my own baubles
and then some lights and things and then
this big bow can't decide if it's a bit
tacky with the bow and then starting
with just puffing out
my tree leaves i don't think that was
really tree branches
and that's my first step of assembling
the tree is complete i've puffed
up all the forks i'm gonna call them
like upwards
and then i always start with my lights
first i'm pretty sure like that's the
right kind of order but maybe not
uh let me know if you do baubles first
and then lights or
yeah mason gave me a hand with that and
then
just going around with my bee things i'm
so dizzy at this point
and then the feather bows
[Music]
he's um elf costume was far too small
she's probably like an xxxl you're a big
girl now
she's still got her donut on at the
moment because she had an allergic
reaction the other day
look at you but this hat seems to work
perfectly
so look how cute she is you are so cute
aren't you and you know it
uh but yeah this time last year i'm
gonna insert a picture of
the size of penelope she was like a
little dot she's grown
very much this year so that brings us to
the end of this
video i really hope you enjoyed this one
and putting up
all my little christmas decorations with
me and i'll
see you in the next video